~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
|dispositivos en exilio|
|exiled dispositivs|
A Collaborative Art Deportment Integrating:
!Mediengruppe Bitnik (CH), no2somos+ (CO), DeSentro (BR), andres burbano (CO),  Locus Sonus (FR-CO), Rafael Dörig (CH), MiMoSa (BR).

Keywords: social media, community networks, DIY cult, radioelectric spectrum, collaborative practices, networked sound and video art.

(THIS GOES ON TOP OF THE EMAIL- NOT HERE-> no intro yet, since i will like to have a bit of feedback from each of the above participants so to know what you will like to work on and not force. say i.e, ricardo ruiz to roll the mimosa when he has or leads a current project that could be more relevant for the case in colombia)

A know.How exchange between (not so) young artists and programmers from Colombia, Brasil, France and Switzerland. Leaving a model to replicate by others if they will or like.

Developed in 2 workshops that will take place in Colombia. First, in the Tenza valley (el valle de tenza), where we will be hosted by no2somos a collective formed by the artist (from Universidad Nacional de Colombia) Alejandro Araque. The place has been chosen cuase it has a very strong tradition related to the uses of technology for communication, the big antenna trasmitter from Radio Sutatenza was once one of the strongest ones in the planet. It pairs with Radio Beromünster in the Luzern Canton (Switzerland).

In Sutatenza (wikipedia link) we will set up a media production studio where to gather, distribute and most importantly learn together to do the media. We are engaged today into the  digital networks but TV and Radio as we knew them still define the pace in terms building community networks. SOUNDS LIKE TOO ROMANTIC Operation will be supported over network streams of sound and video.

Conscious that we live in an interconnected world, doing a revision of satellite technology is a must. (we will pay close attention to trace ideas related with electronic borders, demilitarized zones and servers, i.p's black holes, replicators, virtual tunnels, etc.)

The result of this feedback research will serve to address the following question:

Some part of South America faces its sell-out signing a treaty called TCL, (Tratado de Libre Comercio) Peru, Ecuador, Colombia and the U.S.A. This countries are basically forced to agree in points that will allow genetical appropiation and exploitation by North American corporations. Via the patenting figure they (U.S.A) will steal the basic wisdoms of ancient cultures. It's not only about drugs, but about plants, animals and perhaps even water resources. This is anyway old news since its been taking place since the encounter of pre-colombian cultures with the Spanish colonizers some 500 years ago.

Ilegality raises the price of drugs, so in the particular case of cocaine its better to keep them ilegal and avoid talking about them in these TCL treaty, but ironically drugs are the one produce that represents more income to both parts is not a topic to be consider in the tables that define the conditions for this treaty.

Alejandro Duque (kolumbien)
Researchs on the topic of smuggling knowledge and ideas accross the networks for a PhD dissertation at http://www.egs.edu , 
Paying particular attention to the "hacks" that a resourceful mind does to all kinds of new or old techno conceptual devices. 
(very often we find examples hidden under criminal records, like those of the drug trafficking techniques). 
A collaborative venture to develop a way to interface place, location and trajectory with audiovisual representations. "real-time mapping".

[reference]
-Vibrant Media-
-Media Shed-
-GYOML (Grow Your Own Media Lab)-

